kNN and Pairwise Distances docs update (#1684)
oneapi-src/oneDAL: docs/source/includes/pairwise-distances/minkowski-distance-introduction.rst

.. ******************************************************************************
.. * Copyright 2021 Intel Corporation
.. *
.. * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.. * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.. * You may obtain a copy of the License at
.. *
.. *     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.. *
.. * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.. * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.. * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.. * See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.. * limitations under the License.
.. *******************************************************************************/

> The Minkowski distances are the set of distance metrics with different :math:`p`

Reviewer: What is p? maybe replace on degree?

Author: Applied, please check

> which are widely used for distance computation in different algorithms.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and are widely used for distance computation in different algorithms.
```

Author: applied, please check

> They include Euclidean distance - the most commonly used distance metric.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The most commonly used distance metric, Euclidean distance, is also a Minkowski distance.
```

maybe like this?

Author: applied, please check
